So you can see in our fortunes that BHP almos in all the cars we have a bunch of different formations
and we're making Cuck into commerce and maybe you have the question How can I find the right hook to
write my own code or write with combers and how to find the right hook can be a little tricky but there
is a really cool blogging that we can use going up and bludgeons
and right here I'm gonna as new and brilliant.
This one is called Money thought and this is a really useful Brillion what are going to search for monitoring
what are going to install this.
Dan we're going to activate the blueing and Gwazi activate the blue when you open the front in and reload.
And you can see here I have the word they will combers template.
I'm going to deactivate this blue and I'm going to reload again.
You can see it on the top of this new area in orange.
So this is why the monitor.
So what you are now over right here and you can see these new dropdown menu.
This one has a bunch of different useful stuff.
So right here you can see that we have the qualities all the Kuwaitis that are executed in commerce
are going to be race mirroring WordPress coquetries by color by component.
One of the things that I really like about the monitor is this template you can see here you will find
the template that is being used in this page grey here you can see it's a storefront template homepage.
So if you're up and about also for example and covered in the bar you can see that the template is started
from page.
So it does have a lot of useful information in these Vohra.
Again I'm going to have it right here and you can see that we are also have the scripts and the styles
by the way how Aalto the hooks in actions we're going to click here as well here on the web and you
can see we have some conditionals so we have these front page page page template or is singular if you
open about us you can see this one is this page or the singular.
So you can also see the conditional ties that you can use in these pages.
One of the most useful botanists in this monitor is that Cook's in action.
And I'm going to click here.
So for example in this panel on the left you have the hooks in the middle and you have the functions
that hook into this hook.
And then if this is our core function or if this is of using a blue ribbon or a team so right here on
the top you can see the action and you can click here and that's so you will find these dropdown menu
you can see that you can are the hooks and actions by child team by the Biden team or if you want a
field there are these hooks by a priori.
So for example you can click here combers and this will bring only the hooks that are used by comers.
So one of the things that I really like about this plan is that the kid on the left for example you
have the hook and then you have their function that is hook and you will find out to the fight.
The name of the file and the line where you will find this function.
So for example if your scroll a little here on the left you will find all the cogs.
For example you will find that we need and you will find the right file where you will find these Fondren
and answer some other information.
So for example let's say that we want to check which hooks are available in a storefront and you can
get them by the end team so here on the left you can see that we have a set of demons and here we have
some four inches you can see here we have got a really nice set up.
You can see for example if you're an atom
you can see that we are in a set up and it says Don't pick on 10 teams.
Then the name of the team which is Caterina's back and then Funches that BHB on line 19.
So if you're pretty you already thought you will find that on the line 19 with correctness and is correct
you can see the name of the function in the file name and the line are correct.
So this is really useful proof that you can use to identify which file is in a function.
So for example right here you can also filter right hook or another actions.
For example you can see here we have the the blue in the wheel well.
So let's say that we're working on the welcome page or the page if you scroll right here by the way
here is Esther from Canada for example you will find the home page right here and you will find for
example here we have the fortune that we created earlier today.
Now this play features NICAM they compare Chaum kits and some others.
So for example it's up in the new computer here.
And if you scroll a little you can see that we have these new EON right here.
So let's open let's see if we find something similar here you can see that we have started from bress
and brokes.
So for example you can see that these function because then the teams started from then I can see what
went up in that file.
So as the hidden teams start from them I can see for their eye and see they were Kavis thought of front
them played Fanchon's.
So we kind of started from the play right here.
So this function that recent brokes is on line six hundred six hundred and two.
So what are going to scrotal the bottom and re here we have this from Gresson prose.
So this is something really important right here.
They can see that we have apply filters so you know play filters.
You will find the information that you can change using a filter.
So what I want to make out there is using CDs and you can see this is the name of the filter so we can
copy the name.
And I'm going to open gallery in a spa Funches at BHP and right here I'm going to write a fun show for
you and we're going to have Caterina's new brokes and we're going to open the curly braces and remember
this is a filter so we're going to have that filter and then you can see that we can apply filters and
this is the filters we're going to copy this page right here.
Then grab a comma in the second argument is going to be these right here so you can see that this field
there has this array.
And we have these arguments of what we're going to pass this argument right here.
So right here you can see that we have the keys that you can change.
So for example in this case you can change the limit.
This this is the number of products that you can display in the front and then you cover the columns
in the title.
So we're watching this trip arguments.
First we're going to change the limits we're going to companies and right here I'm going to have X then
the square brackets.
And what are we to that limit.
We're going to have equals something like 8 angry or to the arguments because we're overriding these
so save these and reload right here.
Now you can see that we have a new lead and we have a brokes.
So this is looking nice.
Then we're going to make a this with the columns.
So we have columns and we have four you can see one two three and four.
So we're going to have the arguments we're going to call loose and you can.
So for example you cannot something like two and reload and you can see we have two columns.
So all the values that you find in the supply fielders is something that you can override with a filter.
So for example if you want to change something here and you find the filter but you can see right here
we only have these these three options and you cannot find what you want to change.
My recommendation is that you try to override that template.
That's why in the previous video I show you how to use complex yinz.
So for example let's say that we want to use or we went to this place explodes in columns of three and
finally we're going to change the title.
We're going to add something like 20 or something like Jewish released and save these and reload
and now you can see that we have just really hitting of the six products in columns of three.
So this is really nice.
So you'll see this play in the monitor you will find a lot of useful information when you are working
with a blue Yian or a team in wordpress.
Finding the right hook can be a little tricky but you'll see in the monitor this is going to be a more
simple task.
So hopefully your friend is really interesting and helpful.